Videoplayback (2)_原文
2024 年 11 月 11 日 10:51
Objects 0 on the abstract side problem Here, some objects are given. For each object there is some profit and some weights are also there. And there is a bag of capacity 15 M and the objective is the problem is to fill the bags with those objects such that the total weights of the objects included in the bag should be less than or equal to the capacity that is 15. And one more important thing is if you are taking any object, then you must take the complete object or do not take it at all. See here, the weight of this object is 4 kg or 6 kg, so I can not take 2 kg or 1 kg out of it. 

I must take the complete object or don't take the object at all. So the problem is the total profit gain should be maximized. So it's a maximization problem. This problem can be solved using greedy method, also dynamic programming and even using backtracking, but here in branch and bound, we can solve only those problems, which are minimization here the answer we want in maximization. So we can convert the signs of these profits instead of positive way, make it as a negative weight, negative profit, and we can solve this one. So maximization problem can be converted into minimization and solve and then again, the result can be can converted back into positive. 

So let us see how to solve this using branch and bound. So I'll generator state space tree. And here I will be using LC branch and bound LC branch. And bound means always I will be exploring that node whose cost is minimum for solving it using branch and bound for each node in the state space tree, we have to find out upper bound and the cost, so we define it as sum of all the profits, right? It takes values from one to n, but the total rate should be less than or equal to capacity of the bat. Same way, cost also will do the same thing will take the sum of all the profits, but the difference in these two is that here we will take it without fraction, here we will take width fraction. Though the problem does not allow us to take fraction, but only for the computation for solving the problem, we take the fractions. Fraction will not be included in the solution. 

Now let us generate a state space T, but I should consider one more thing. What type of solution I want? Do I want a subset of these objects or I want all those objects are just show included or not included? For example, if the solution, do I want like this first object included or third object included like this? Or do we want the solution like this that is first object included, second not included, third included, fourth not included? If I represent the solution as a subset of those objects, it will be like this. Or else I can show zeros and one for all the objects. So this will be a variable size solution as fixed size solution. 

So I will go with the fixed size solution, that is zeros and ones, I will be tick, right? So I will be generating the state space 3 for this type of solution. 

First of all, I will take something called upper, which is infinity. Now the first node, calculate cost and upper bound for this one, let me show you how to calculate the cost for calculating cost, first objects, profit and its weight, then the second objects profit and its weight, and next object's profit and its weight. So if I take this weight total, it is coming up to 12. 

Now, can I include the fourth object? Also, it will exceed the capacity of the back, so don't include that one. Then how much I can include 15 minus capacity is 15, -2, L is 3, so I can include three more kgs, So let us say 18 by 9 into three, so this will be 2 and 6. So how much it is 10 2032 and 6 38, so the cost is. -38. As I said that we have converted this maximization problem to minimization. So we will take the weights and upper bounds and the cost as negative. 

Now, what is upper bound? So I should take the same way, but do not include fraction. See, the cost was with fraction and the upper bound is without fraction. So if I take this same thing, 10, 2032, so this is -32, and I got one upper bound that is smaller than infinity. So let us change this 2 minus the, this is the first node. 

Now let us continue with other nodes. Next, I will consider that I am including first object in the solution If I am including in the first object in the solution, then nothing will change. I will get the same cost and same upper bound, same cost and same upper bound. Next thing I will consider that first object is not included in the bag. If the first object is not included in the back, then what will be the cost? First objects, Profit and weight. Second objects, profit and weight. Third objects, profit and weight, and fourth object. See this? 

I am not including, so I should take only these. So this is how much are 10 still how much is remaining, 5 kgs are remaining, so 18 by 9 into 5, so this will be 1020 and 32. So this will be cost is -32 for every node. I should also check one more thing that whether it is cost is greater than a no is not greater, it is equal. So leave it. Otherwise, if it is greater, kill that node. Now what is upper bound? So without this fraction, if I take this is 10, 2022, so -22, is it less than that? No, if you are getting any lesser small upper bound, then we should update that one. 

I have explored first node. Now which node I should explore the one with Lee's course, so I will be following lease's course branch and burn, so leases -38, this is -32, I should take this one and continue second object included in the bag. So what is the cost? It remains same, see both the objects are included so upper bound and the cost remains same only next. 

Second object not included in the back. So if the second object is not included in the back, let me calculate cost. And upper bound cost is 10, 2 plus 10, 4 plus 12, 6. This object is not included. So this is how much 8 still how much remaining 18 by 2 7 kgs I will take. So this is to this is 1436 and 36. So the cost is -36 but without fractions, if I take this is 22, upper bound is -22, is it greater than that? -36, is it greater than that? No, so do not kill the node, right? 

It remains alive, I have explored second vertex. Now, which vertex I should explore next? -38, -36, -32. So out of this, I should explore this one if I am following phi 4 branch and bound, then I should explore this one. So if you explore that, also the number of nodes will be more, the work will be little extra, least cost method give you a faster result. 

Let us explore this node. So below this, the third object is included, third object is included, the cost remains same only right, nothing is discarded. So then if the third object is not included, third object is not included, then what will be the cost? Let us find the cost and upper bound for this one cost is first object and the second object. 

Third object, we are not including third object. So this is how much total weight is how much 6. 

Now last object is 9, Can I include that one? Also, yes, I can include it is 9, so completely it is filled now 9 plus 4 plus 2, it is 15, it is exactly filling in. So what is the cost? Cost is 10, 2038. So it is -38. And what is the upper bound 10, 2018? So that is -38. So there are no fractions here. So we got cost and upper bound, same only now one thing you observe that we got a smaller upper bound, so update that one so it becomes -38. This is -38. 

Now once we got a smaller upper bound, look at other nodes, so this is at alive, this is alive, and this is alive, but what is the cost of this one that is -38? It is greater than that one, so kill this node is also greater than that one, so kill the node, no need to explore. If you explore also, you will be wasting your time, you will not get the answer now, which no, I should take up for exploration. 

I have both the nodes, let us check this first object included, second object included, third object included, can I include 4 th? Also No, that will exceed the capacity, see up to here it is 12 L plus 9. It will be 21 exceeding the capacity. So I can not go further, so it will be infeed. 

Let us expand this one fourth object included in the bag. So if I say fourth object included in the back, the cost will be same thing, only -38 and the upper bound also -38. And fourth object not included in the bag. So this is fourth object not included in the bag. Cost will be how much without fourth object, right? 

So if you follow this tree, 1 st included, 2 nd included, third not included, fourth, not included means only two objects, that is 10 and 10. So 10 plus 10 is 20 -20, so this is greater than that one. So killed the node. See, almost all the nodes are killed, which is remaining. This is alive. So the last node that we got remaining is the answer no. So what is the answer? 

First object included, 2 nd included, third, not included, fourth included, So let us take solution first, object included, second included, third node included, fourth included, so what are their profit plus 10 plus 10 plus 0 plus 18? So this is 38, this is the maximum profit what we got, and their weights are two plus 4 plus 0 plus 9, this is 15, so this is the solution, and we have solved this using lease course branch and bound method. 

---
